date: October 8, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<haoyuguo>, <kaiyukan>, <enzeqian>, <cwang46>]
absent: []
excused_absences: []
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <haoyuguo>, progress: finished Course list fornt end part, write api to connect with back end},
  {ubit: <kaiyukan>, progress: Add the advanced search button and it can pop up a small window which contains all advance search option.},
  {ubit: <enzeqian>, progress: Finish Userlogin page,commit to feature-userlogin},
  {ubit: <cwang46>, progress: Course List back end part finished, basic search function. connect the server with front end web},
  ]
issues: [Server connection exist some index and config issue, this is the first priority issue need to solve in the future]
Notes:  |  # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
