date: September 13, 2016
meeting_type: ta # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<haoyuguo>, <kaiyukan>, <enzeqian>, <cwang46>]
absent: []
excused_absences: []
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <haoyuguo>, progress: buit a basic frame for the fornt webapge. design first draft of the home page},
  {ubit: <kaiyukan>, progress: i built the course search area for the front webpage.},
  {ubit: <enzeqian>, progress: working on getting UB course information and put into database.For now I got all UBCSE courses for this semester and still working on the others},
  {ubit: <cwang46>, progress: Set up the backend Node.js and database Mongodb envirment and start to build the back function.},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <haoyuguo>, issue: the resolution of home page can statisfy with are not reflexible enough.},
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  